feat: add plugin directory trust guard to harden shared plugin caches (#7308)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/plugins/using-plugins.mdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[env-vars]: ../reference/env-vars
```

When Nextflow downloads plugins, it caches them in the directory specified by `NXF_PLUGINS_DIR` (`$HOME/.nextflow/plugins` by default).

> :::warning
> The plugin cache should be a private, per-user directory that is not writable by other users. Nextflow loads and executes cached plugin code without re-verifying its origin, so a shared plugin cache that is writable by other users (or owned by another user) allows a lower-trust user to replace cached plugin code with their own, which would then run inside your Nextflow process.
> 
> Keep `NXF_PLUGINS_DIR` owned by you and not world-writable (a group-writable directory owned by you, as created under the common umask 002, is fine). If a shared cache is required, use a directory owned by an administrator or a dedicated service account that regular users cannot modify, and add that owner to [`NXF_PLUGINS_TRUSTED_OWNERS`](../reference/env-vars.mdx). Use [`NXF_PLUGINS_STRICT_MODE`](../reference/env-vars.mdx) to control whether Nextflow warns about or refuses to load plugins from an untrusted directory.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
The plugin cache should be a private, per-user directory that other users cannot write to. Nextflow loads and executes cached plugin code without re-verifying its origin. If the cache is writable by other users (or owned by another user), a lower-trust user can replace the cached code with their own, and that code then runs inside your Nextflow process.

Keep `NXF_PLUGINS_DIR` owned by you and not world-writable. A group-writable directory owned by you, as created under the common umask 002, is fine. If you need a shared cache, use a directory owned by an administrator or a dedicated service account that regular users cannot modify, and add that owner to [`NXF_PLUGINS_TRUSTED_OWNERS`][env-vars]. Use [`NXF_PLUGINS_STRICT_MODE`][env-vars] to control whether Nextflow warns about or refuses to load plugins from an untrusted directory.
:::
```
